IF YOU CAN DO IS GOOD, IF NOT THAT IS OK TOO FOR PRODUCT TAGS
Product tags are words that a customer chooses for their product, they are clickable like a search. When a product has same tags, it will show list of products with that tag. See Articles and read a blog post, on bottom right it shows tags that you can click.

Example is I list a product called: Handmade All Natural Soap and I use tags: soap, handmade, all natural, fresh, scented
Then when a customer looks at my product detail page, these tags show, customer can click the word "handmade" and will show list of products with same tag.

--------------------------------

MUST BE ABLE TO ENABLE OR DISABLE IN ADMIN AREA:
Need to add text area box in Earnings >> seller Balance >> When I click on edit, a popup windows comes up so I can add or minus money from a users account. I need seller to be able to see why I added or minus money. I see in admin area, I am unable to make balance - minus, I need to be able to do this.

Sellers must be able to see in Payment History what was credited or debited, please :)
See screen shot of text area field where seller can see why it was credit or debited. 
Admin can input information in text field and is shown to seller.


Email to seller and admin when seller account has been credited: 
Hello FIRSTNAME LASTNAME - STORENAME, 
Your account has been credited in the amount of: $AMOUNT on DATE
for: DESCRIPTION
Please login to your account to view your updated account balance.


Email to seller and admin when seller account has been debited: This means I change their balance to less than it was.
If their account was $100 and I change it to $90, that is a debit. 

Hello FIRSTNAME LASTNAME - STORENAME, 
Your account has been debited in the amount of: $AMOUNT on DATE.
This amount has been taken from your account balance for:
DESCRIPTION
Please login to your account to view your updated account balance.


Email to seller when they list a new product:
Hello FIRSTNAME LASTNAME - STORENAME
Your account has been charged a listing fee of $.25 cents
for your recent new product addition or relisting of PRODUCT NAME.
You may login to your account to view this charge under the listing fee link.
Happy Selling!


Email to seller when store has been banned/inactivated: 
Hello, FIRSTNAME LASTNAME, 
Your store STORENAME has been deactivated.
Here are some reasons which might have caused your store to be deactivated: 
Unpaid fees (Owe $10 or more), spam posts, mass produced items listed, etc.
If you feel this in error, please contact support at admin@handmadeguild.com or 
if you wish to make a payment for fees due, please make payment using paypal
to: admin@handmadeguild.com, once payment is received your account will be
reactivated if you had a balance on your account of $10 or more. 
Make sure to leave a note in payment notes with your name and store name.


Email to seller when a badge has been awarded: 
Hello FIRSTNAME LASTNAME - STORENAME,
Congratulations, you have been awarded a new badge! 
Please login and view your profile to view the new badge. 
Keep up the great work!


Email to seller when a badge has been removed:

Verified Badge:

Hello FIRSTNAME LASTNAME - STORENAME, 
Oh no! It looks as if your Verified Seller badge was removed!
Possible reasons could be your name and address does not match
what we have on file. If you believe this was an error, please 
contact support at: admin@handmadeguild.com

Messaging Badge:

Hello FIRSTNAME LASTNAME - STORENAME,
Oh no! It looks as if your Fast Messaging badge was removed!
Possible reasons could be you have since taken longer to
respond to messages. If you believe this was an error, please 
contact support at: admin@handmadeguild.com


Fast shipping Badge:

Oh no! It looks as if your Fast Shipping badge was removed!
Possible reasons could be you have since taken longer to
ship out orders to customers. If you believe this was an error, 
please contact support at: admin@handmadeguild.com


Reviews Badge:

Oh no! It looks as if your Reviews badge was removed!
Possible reasons could be you have went under the rating 
of 4.7 stars, let's get this back up, you got this!
If you believe this was an error, please contact support 
at: admin@handmadeguild.com









